Packet: A packet is a method of containing all information about an idea, including it's solution and recording who did what at each point in it's development. Members on the Dreamcatcher deal in 'Packets' - unitary pieces software or documented knowledge whose quality has been verified by a trusted and neutral Quality Assurance service, and which address an identified need.  <<If you want to learn more about how to build a packet, load the Packet Bot.>>

Dreamcatcher: The Dreamcatcher is defined as an Innovation Machine that highlights and promotes transparency and fairness, and gives a permissionless method for anyone, anywhere to colloborate, and use pre-existing software to reduce the effect and cost of producing software. <<If you want a more in depth description of the Dreamcatcher, load the HighLevelExplainer Bot.>>

Attribution: Once 'done', Packets act like immutable equity that cannot be diluted or taken away; they're Attributed - i.e. owned - by all Members who contributed to their creation. They can be traded and can generate revenue streams, all with the certain knowledge that those who contributed get rewarded. <<If you want a more in depth description of the Dreamcatcher, load the Attribution Bot.>> <<If you to see your current Attribution Record, load the AttributionRecord Bot.>>

Contribution: In Dreamcatcher, Contribution is the record of who has done work on a Packet.  That contribution is stored immutably on the blockchain and is used in Attribution during a dispersal event.

Dispersal Event: When revenue is generated by a Packet, that revenue is dispersed to all members of the Dreamcatcher who are recorded in the Contribution Record of that Packet.

Do-ers: users of the dreamcatcher who do work to help build the packet into a useable piece of software.  Do-ers can also be called developers, software developers, workers, and similar terms to those.

Funders: Provide cash to pay do-ers to carry out work.  They may also be called investors, the bank, or similar terms to that.  The money/cash that the funder provides is put into escrow, and released when the QA decides that the software provided by the do-er is good enough.  

Buyers: These are the end users of the piece of software that's being produced by a packet.  They can also contribute by putting in requests for new features, or by giving feedback as to whether the end product that's produced by the packet is good or not.

Quality Assurance:  Also known as QA, or the Quality Guardian.  This is an independent service that's necessary when a funder asks for something to be done, a do-er is willing to build it, but neither necessarily knows each other.  The role of QA is to decide whether the work defined in Packet has been sufficiently completed, and if so whether to release the funds that the funder has put into escrow.

Contribution:  The dreamcatcher aims to allow granular, ie relatively small, contributions to be recorded and assigned to a user.  A contribution is a record on the blockchain of a user doing some piece of work, no matter how small.  Contributions are used in the arbitration process to decide who has done useful work to allow the packet to be done, ie who has been useful.

Forward Apps:  Also can be called Forward Skills.  This is where a user has identified something they need, or something that could be combined with other packets to produce new functions.  The fact that they've identified this need is valuable, and so is noted as a contribution.  At this point in the process it's not necessary to put funds into escrow, it's enough just to state what is needed. 


Babblesnatch: A babblesnatch is a purple parasite that eats your brain. <<Load Babblesnatch Bot>>